what is going on everybody it is mr. air
HD here and we are back with personal
products I don't know when the last time
I made one of these videos was but today
we got something different and I was
debating on doing my forza 5
street-legal supra or this car this is
my battle tunes whatever forza three are
34 and this is the car bat kind of you
know I was one of my first cars i did
for personal products period in Forza 4
i think it was um is one of the cars
that brought me up into the scene like i
am now at least in the battle scene so
people knows whose eyes is this cars
nickname Barney because it was purple
and it had green accents and stickers
and whatever at one point I actually had
a Barney vinyl on it but anyways that's
not the point the point here is we're
drifting on um rally deposit on all the
old one the full one and probably one of
my favorite force attracts a whole time
I almost prefer to fuji me quedo minus
the compost on the cobblestones a bit
with rafa it's a welcome challenge most
the time but if this had no kalo stone
this would probably the best toget
course I've ever driven on but um we'll
get right into the car here the car I
don't know if it's the physics of the
game or the car itself this car is super
skittish it is I don't know how the hell
I drove this thing it is all over the
place all the time it's you know very
unpredictable the front end is either
really super grippy or not grippy at all
it just it never works with you it
always feels like it's working against
you I don't know if that's a point for
realism yeah I crashed a lot um she saw
the damage there I don't know if it's a
point for realism or a point for
you know just for us before being better
um I've always been one to say that for
us a three was not there was no point in
playing anymore cuz it was like oh play
for three play for three and I'm like no
there's a point for the four is just
better but aside from these throwback
videos I'm gonna stick to that I just
you know Forza Forza 4 is just a better
game all around even though it is
missing a lot of content like this track
this track is so much fun but I don't
know what it was I don't know if there's
cuz i was running stock tires are the
two it'll be at the end of the video if
you're interested in trying it out and
seeing what I mean it's definitely jump
drift it's definitely not the best car
ever made but it is kind of all over the
place it's slippery and slidy and pretty
difficult to handle but it's kind of
cool just to look back and see what what
I considered good like three or four
years ago but yeah this is uh I'm just
gonna cut it right here most because
it's just gonna be me repeating a bunch
of things cars super hard to drive but
you know it's cool to come back and see
what you thought was cool and what you
thought was good I don't what the hell I
was saying with those advan wheels and
those stickers are all over the place
still like the purple and green though
that's that's I stuck with it purple and
green I stuck I stuck with it anyway
guys thanks for watching and
you
Oh